that's average I don't know about
barring up there right now I got to
admit my blogs are so out of order like
this they're all over the place some
come out a day after that film them
summer
two days later this one might be the
same day or it's far gonna be tomorrow
but I might drop to today
what the Euro would block the entire
road
leave your car open
[Music]
I later look at it
shame everything so you boys start over
from square one back Ross started
honestly I don't know what to say if you
got something some way to help out Jamie
and I suggest hitting him up on
Instagram or somewhere because that's
pretty much worst-case scenario is Clark
hot on fire damn I don't maybe he got a
cheap car for Damien to run in the
meantime hit him up
[Music]
narrow roads I don't know where I'm at
I've definitely never been our hero
[Music]
good well should I put my stuff
film everything so I know sister all
right yeah
this is a interesting scenario so far so
good
I think the producer ladies really mad
that I didn't pick up her call I'm like
I hate I hate talking on the phone they
know what else can you relate comment
below if you can relate if you hate
talking on the phone I don't think she
likes me it should be an interesting day
huh yeah yeah yeah believe so yes I
cried a lot sunscreen up there today do
you burn no no no no no my face unless
it's like I don't think is gonna be
intensely hard choice
yes
subway built the same
i yes John was it when she I saw I was
that was not working I don't know what
we're gonna begin Marty did it
that's a dandy knowledge slip girl
Resnick's you rest including yeah yeah
yes I think I've got my card
no I guess I'm now I would mighty my bro
I wouldn't I wouldn't really go to
government can make you money look I'm
hope I got so bad baby they don't want
me to leave I walked off hey look it's
kind of crazy
no I've gone out boys
oh yeah you do I'm reading right now
[Music]
whichever one you feel better in when I
take this out Fredo
all right just put on the sweats in any
shirt and then this over it yeah
[Music]
Thanks what do you think huh this is so
big this is not a huge lot this is
definitely new and so let's work the
shoes it's like some my mom's aware
I don't know those oh I don't know I
don't I'm just not a fan of like always
she was making our death date dirt like
a John the high school photo but like
the nerdy one I want is really trying
hard to fit in yeah like I'm really like
I really want to pull off that look but
I just got all the sizes wrong yeah I
feel like this is huge but
yeah above the tool wallah to move that
that senior
I need super light skin with camouflage
that's seven days of it look at the bow
something you would probably everywhere
there's never ever sweats possible first
day of school you got all right no this
is like you really want to stand out
first day at school toughest all right
so I got my wife Susie goes the white
logo you know the ketubah and your mouth
is actually I can't you can't even say
no this is like somebody wearing they
put me in I was like okay I know you got
the good outfit
can we switch I feel like this is a
lucky fit you better
you know what if you want the girl logo
just like that
still got that brand in it I have no
kids or what okay this is getting
stressful it's like a pretty big
operation they got
this is intense I got two of them
big-ass Sprinter vans so you guys are
gonna actually swap so you can change
into your clothes and then you'll go and
your shoes I think what's it sure you
lost I'm wondering how we're gonna get
our bikes into this van with like nine
niggas that's like why when your city
maybe just try not to stretch the
knowledge so much
what do you mean like sit like to stand
up okay is to keep some knowledge
stay standing we're all they thought I
should just lay down there's Marco
Canora me this is like my period I can
do it daddy
am i bringing my bike um
well I don't going on
oh yeah that's a people she was coming
for me it does
are you think right now yeah I got it I
think I'm gonna pop your top right there
okay the other kids yes you're like
you're gonna get minimum $250 damn
minimum that's sighs that's not good
hey don't redline it though if you take
it for a joyride this is like part of my
identity man I can't okay perfect so
because the other draft Panthro
splitting the Sun whatever get herself
into
I don't know we're splitting this up
Rita gets what up how am I gonna vlog
without you I can't touch you those
scary I said fresh bro come on not bad
like that
mama I don't know what we gonna do we'll
be back we'll reunite you don't even
need this bro young mother just pass
that off don't ya
oh yeah
I'm helping out too
we're a trip
come here six
as the pastor I'm gonna squeeze
okay whereas the second man is living in
three
I mean
back out yes
peace John pleasure yeah John nice to
meet you yeah pleasure this spot number
one John hey John
damn fellow photographers this is like a
legit operation I guess someone grabbed
her we just leaving this open good guy
should I grab my bike
maybe I'll just grab it you know feel
naked without it you know right Thank
You boss yeah well here we are on this
Nike photo shoot I've got my bike
vlogging a lot of people are giving me
weird looks for vlogging but used to it
[Applause]
yo Parrish I'm John for the imitation
that's guy good man
sweating more than two shirts
pax is that you yeah well I don't know I
don't know what's gonna be the shot how
about it yes okay so that's uh I brought
my bike for like my comfort reasons you
know like a to bring the toy that's like
or exactly yeah let's do it
[Music]
so like I brought like hello
I guess they told me to give you this I
assume it's you right
[Music]
so far so good
this is I just walked back and forth
like 20 times and we had to pretty like
do some acting and was kind of
weird
they said we're gonna be here till 8:00
not even noon yet that's that's a long
time
yeah
[Music]
hey I'm think I'm gonna be using my bike
honestly
[Applause]
bounce when
because she's there
ooh
yeah we're like right here any type of
spot
over this patch every time
so it really turns into a shoe
sweating now then I get everything word
spot number one done how was exhausting
hot out here boss
it's party
I travel
he was trying to kill me by putting me
in the city huh don't lie was really
trying to kill me about putting me in
the city I mean it was kind of a goal I
really loved on the verge of death yeah
not to say I wish I knew that by far the
most hot part
let's go yeah of course
no I can wear it as much as you need me
to can grab mine these waters do it
drink okay thank you
thank you for eternity I feel so good
you know they had me working I'm dying
you want something else away the sweat
my ass
[Music]
hide it hide it now what's happened in
the last lot of people I mean not gonna
do 50 bars either I wasn't sweating til
I had to start to embarrassment then I
got that I mean I don't say stink you
saying I stink bro what's up you got
something to say - spit it out hi no not
necessarily some way help this man look
at him fix my pocket here sir look
[Music]
we out here a lot sorry already
blip lame okay three times
wow that was fraud so good oh my god
[Music]
I was gonna do very poor sorry the
farther van where all the other guys new
room they just don't get it
oh you're next no way gives after this
so man using
by oh I guess I'm here alone no I'm
literally here by myself though how you
guys doing the day hope you guys watch
the vlog hope you guys are liking and
sharing get more fail to take a pic
you're taking your bike
I'm taking mine just throw it in there I
get in here thank you I don't know
videos less than an inch
and in the big
good
downtown LA noire Kissel
all right now there you got a live
audience is getting way more
intimidating is what separates the real
models from the fake yeah I'm trying to
expend as little energy as possible yeah
once I see the barsen though I all that
yeah I do that yeah oh say all right I
guess we're hanging out we got snacks
that Selena Gomez cute and also the one
with the braids she looks like Selena
Gomez gratis
long good tasty you know are you
realizing it you don't like it you know
eat the entire thing at once
it's his thing I mean yeah anymore for
me I mean probably just squeeze in like
over there
I know we fresh out here Watson come
back for us what's that bro
yeah that was good no
all right dude you gotta do here man
totally they used to here this is
literally downtown away that's something
take it real quick all right we got out
of the van cuz it's hot
we're still waiting for our part to our
time to shoot oh yeah let's you don't
watch me shuttle pilot y'all not
subscribed to me though
god damn it y'all not subscribed ones go
keep skating keep you go
oh yeah now where is he where is he
where do you see him just coming up the
street and I think he will do the first
come through what you're doing I'm doing
this photo shoot first popped up on the
photo shoots these grips though like
maybe cap pick up two pairs get to que
esto para zone huh
it was right there I guess it just moves
you like across the street not you get
the combo seat to go with it why we just
saw you so we figured you eat uh yeah
get your little attention really quick
random we didn't even hit him up he
popped up hi bro photo that was part 2
of ride yeah you got all the ones we
hunted
[Music]
like maybe looking at CVS for a bathroom
hey guy how about homeless people over
here of course they don't want bathrooms
now thanks to the homeless I'm just
saying a fact like I'm saying that
Sprinter van for so long
okay
I don't know what the hell is going on I
guess I don't know I don't know I should
have stayed in that's pretty good
I'm a walk around here for a bit though
see us going on I think they're using
marquel where's the next leg area shoot
at like right here is this a series of
jumping in and out of vehicles well we
came here and did nothing
I don't know what's gonna happen next
[Music]
don't expect the models
pay to look good as it was funny it's
well I'm not a model I need you to run
smart smart I'm smart what I wanted to
slap it but yo you gotta get so stupid
what it is what it is tune back in in a
second I'm gonna get some photos shot of
me I'm so mad I jumped off their thing a
nut
[Music]
I need a bike
okay I want to get up there but who's
gonna hold the camera down faithful I
want to be up this might as well be a
boy we both got alright so here let's
I'll put it back guess we're waiting a
little bit longer yeah hop on the stove
Oh like I'm social media
[Music]
it's full-on recording
Kiki just stroked or mike at kiki
haircutter
party he'll tighten the background
squeeze in swish swish swish
here thank you very much I love it
first-ever photo shoot is a Mali
meme our killer models now thank you
sana oh sorry sorry it's on our resume
sorry if you want to put some real
models in LA how about you boys you know
me
let's get this clip let's go we gotta
get some twig snap peas let me show this
this is actually a little bit intense
yes sir it's kind of ways down house you
want any on the roping okay
that's Savage I don't know about barring
up there
let's go he said one time let's go they
don't know what it's doing that
thank you so let me have one time sorry
not that liability
doing government property I don't know
uh yeah I'll wait to Diplo
today's yes we're done thank you for
being amazing today charge of this guy
TV watch one of my bars for tomorrow
watch the vlog people need black ice
cream keep going well I lied
one more then hop out my knickers there
isn't hockey you don't go stuck here
because they had to move my car now I
can't find the car keys
that milk van is coming back here right
[Music]
I'll find out for you see God kind of
kids that was it
come on home kind of said Thank You
Nucky and what is this place called
aren't up but fun day shots an
Aggie well I'm going home peace
[Music]